Explain new JavaScript linting new setting (#9320)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/javascript/linting-javascript.md

Once linting is enabled, the necessary dependencies need to be installed. Dependencies include the [ESLint `npm` package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint) and other plugins applicable to your project. This package can be installed locally in each project where you want to enable linting, or you can install it globally using `npm install -g eslint`. However, a global installation isn't recommended because plugins and shareable configs always need to be installed locally.

> You can also use the **ESLint Path** setting in **Tools > Options > Text Editor > JavaScript/TypeScript > Linting** to specify a directory from which ESLint should be loaded from. This is useful in cases when ESLint is installed globally, where you might set the corresponding path to "C:\Program Files\nodejs\node_modules". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the **ESLint Path** setting in **Tools > Options > Text Editor > JavaScript/TypeScript > Linting** to specify a directory from which to load ESLint. This is useful when ESLint is installed globally, where you might set the corresponding path to *C:\Program Files\nodejs\node_modules*. 
```
